toolbox: add pages (#8280)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/toolbox-create.md

# toolbox create

> Create a new `toolbox` container.
> More information: <https://www.mankier.com/1/toolbox-create>.

- Create a `toolbox` container for a different distribution other than the host:

> `toolbox create --distro {{distribution}}`

Reviewer: How do you specify the container's name?

Author: We specify it in the place of {{distribution}}. Example: `toolbox create --distro fedora` or if your host is fedora then you can directly use `toolbox create` alone.

- Create a `toolbox` container for a different distribution release other than the host:

`toolbox create --release {{release}}`

- Change the name of the image used to create the `toolbox` container:

> `toolbox create --image {{name}}`

Reviewer: So you have to use an image to create a new container? Could you add an example where you specify the image to be used?

Author: When creating a container an image would be fetched by default with the distro and release provided. Or else we enter the image name instead of entering the other 2 details. Reference image below: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26346867/182401535-1da39972-79d7-44ec-bf29-617a54f15167.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26346867/182402085-0a5e4a53-9c94-4c0f-b9b1-c6852b3867ad.png)
In my case, the container already exists but you can use this method too.

Reviewer: Ah, I think I understand. So it should actually be
```
- Create a `toolbox` container with a custom image:
```
Because `Change the name of the image` sounds a lot like `Rename the image`.

Author: Changed it.

# toolbox create

> Create a new `toolbox` container.
> More information: <https://manned.org/toolbox-create.1>.

> - Create a `toolbox` container for a different distribution other than the host:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a `toolbox` container for a specific distribution:
```

> - Create a `toolbox` container for a different distribution other than the host:

Reviewer: I'm still not fully getting it. So after you created, say, a toolbox for RHEL, you can enter it with `toolbox enter --distro rhel`, right? But what if you run `toolbox enter` without creating the toolbox first? And if `toolbox enter` creates toolboxes on the go, can you use `toolbox rm` to remove it?

(I don't want to be annoying with this, but I think there's still a lot of potential for explaining this command, which in turn helps others to understand it quicker)

Author: No issues, I too think toolboxes has a lot of potential for the masses. 
If you perform `toolbox enter` without creating the toolbox first it automatically downloads an image and creates a toolbox. 
For eg, see the reference image below, In fedora, if you enter toolbox enter without creating it will ask you to download an image by default. 
Ref image 1:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26346867/182435202-588441f2-b8a8-4f0e-bff7-9b2cba22076c.png)
Ref image 2:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26346867/182435495-5b76af39-71ba-43e7-a8d8-0dbaee7b4511.png)

What this toolbox container does is it gives you a container environment where you can download and test out packages isolated from your system. Unlike a VM, setting up a toolbox is easier. It is especially useful in immutable operating systems like fedora silver blue, coreos which has a read-only file system allowing only flatpaks (Sandboxed universally packaged applications).

`toolbox create --distro {{distribution}}`

> - Create a `toolbox` container for a different distribution release other than the host:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a `toolbox` container for specific release of the current distribution:
```

`toolbox create --release {{release}}`

- Change the name of the image used to create the `toolbox` container:

> `toolbox create --image {{name}}`

Reviewer: I assume this command doesn't work on its own. We should always provide minimal working examples. As far as I understood you have several default images for each release of each distro. So which image name does this command edit?

Author: Sure I will add an example. Usually, there is only 1 default image for each release of each distro (sometimes there might be testing images, etc). 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26346867/182434663-44f5dbc2-fe5e-4d0d-904e-dc2d9e4bd9e5.png)

- Create a toolbox container using the default image for Fedora 36:

> `toolbox create --distro fedora --release f36`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`toolbox create --distro {{fedora}} --release {{f36}}`
```

# toolbox create

> Create a new `toolbox` container.
> More information: <https://manned.org/toolbox-create.1>.

- Create a `toolbox` container for a specific distribution:

`toolbox create --distro {{distribution}}`

> - Create a `toolbox` container for specific release of the current distribution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a `toolbox` container for a specific release of the current distribution:
```

`toolbox create --release {{release}}`

- Change the name of the image used to create the `toolbox` container:

`toolbox create --image {{name}}`

- Create a custom `toolbox` container from a custom image:

> `toolbox create --image registry.fedoraproject.org/fedora-toolbox:36`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`toolbox create --image {{registry.fedoraproject.org/fedora-toolbox:36}}`
```
